[nextjs][nextjs-app-router-osr] OSR App Router Template with Tag Revalidation Support (#468)
Sitecore/content-sdk: packages/create-content-sdk-app/src/templates/nextjs-app-router-cache-components/README.md

# Sitecore Content SDK — Next.js App Router + Cache Components

> This starter matches the default **nextjs-app-router** template, with **Next.js Cache Components** (`cacheComponents`), **`getSitecorePage`**, **`getSitecoreDictionary`**, and **`getSitecoreErrorPage`** (Sitecore 404) helpers that apply Sitecore cache tags for tag-based on-demand revalidation, plus a single **`POST /api/revalidate`** route that accepts explicit cache tags or Sitecore webhook-style payloads. From the app root you can call that URL with standard HTTP tooling (see `docs/tag-based-revalidation.md` and the monorepo **`docs/tag-based-revalidation.md`** for the full walkthrough).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This starter matches the default **nextjs-app-router** template, with **Next.js Cache Components** (`cacheComponents`), **`getSitecorePage`**, **`getSitecoreDictionary`**, and **`getSitecoreErrorPage`** (Not found / Server Error) helpers that apply Sitecore cache tags for tag-based on-demand revalidation, plus a single **`POST /api/revalidate`** route that accepts explicit cache tags or Sitecore webhook-style payloads. From the app root you can call that URL with standard HTTP tooling (see `docs/tag-based-revalidation.md` and the monorepo **`docs/tag-based-revalidation.md`** for the full walkthrough).
```

> This starter matches the default **nextjs-app-router** template, with **Next.js Cache Components** (`cacheComponents`), **`getSitecorePage`**, **`getSitecoreDictionary`**, and **`getSitecoreErrorPage`** (Sitecore 404) helpers that apply Sitecore cache tags for tag-based on-demand revalidation, plus a single **`POST /api/revalidate`** route that accepts explicit cache tags or Sitecore webhook-style payloads. From the app root you can call that URL with standard HTTP tooling (see `docs/tag-based-revalidation.md` and the monorepo **`docs/tag-based-revalidation.md`** for the full walkthrough).

Reviewer: > From the app root you can call that URL with standard HTTP tooling (see `docs/tag-based-revalidation.md` and the monorepo **`docs/tag-based-revalidation.md`** for the full walkthrough)
These docs will not be present and already removed
